# Crisis-VS-Humanity
" We are by the side of the helpless people, whether in disaster or in need . "  💗 Disaster relief and any need, 5 years of our journey with helpless people.💗  2017 to 2021, In this 5 year journey, we may not have been able to bring about any great change in the society, but we must have tried our best to alleviate the suffering of some people. In short, we have stood by some people who are living miserable lives and are eagerly waiting for help from others. We have tried in every disaster, to form an immediate fund, to find the most helpless people, to stand by them.  💜 The people who have conducted every activity with love and donations are my relatives, close friends, my school friends, very close and dear people, and those who are my well wishers.  💜 My older brother Liton Bhaia also expanded our activities by coordinating with the "Sanabil Foundation", and adding a new dimension to enormity.  In the unconditional love of all, we still dream of doing something good for helpless people.  💜 On the completion of 5 years of our activities, I would like to express my sincere love and gratitude to all. 💜  Subhanallah  With the infinite mercy of Allah Subhanahu Ta'ala and your utmost cooperation and love, we have been able to conduct a number of activities during the Corona period, albeit in a short range.  These are:   1.  Sacrifice - 2020   2.  Iftar and serving high quality food at Orphanage and Hafizia Madrasa - 2020   3.  Distribution of dry food for flood victims - 2020   4.  Winter Blanket Distribution - 2020   5.  Food aid for fasting - 2021   .  Sacrifice - 2021   .  Winter blanket distribution - 2021   We have also been able to provide financial assistance to several families.   Our upcoming project:   Food aid in Ramadan - 2022   Alhamdulillah .....  Like last year, we will continue our best efforts to implement our program at the beginning of the holy month of Ramadan.  We will be successful with your full support InshaAllah.   (We are the muezzins of different mosques this year,  We have already started the work of preparing a list to bring only those whose income is below the poverty line and who are calling for 5 times prayer with or without getting nominal honorarium.  Considering our ability, according to this list, we have decided to conduct activities this year.  )
